
questions:
What is a UTS namespace on Linux responsible for?
allows to change property value smoothly in CSS.
Which command could be used to print content of the Linux kernel log buffer?
Which one of the following stream <-> fd assignments are correct?
Which command can be used to determine the free space available on a filesystems on GNU/Linux system?
codeIgniter allows the user to create her own libraries and load them into a controller
redirect to the controller ProductController action log
Redirecting to a different route after submit form Laravel
directory are the views stored in Laravel?
In a Laravel application, are all requests directed to the public/index.php file?


queryes:
Given the table Items (columns: itemid, description, unitcost), formulate a query to find each item that costs more than the average and how much more than the average it costs.

SELECT i.itemid, 
       i.description, 
       i.unitcost - a.avg_cost cost_diff
FROM (SELECT AVG(unitcost) avg_cost FROM Items) a
JOIN Items i
ON i.unitcost > a.avg_cost


Select clients whose first order was placed in 2017 and calculate how much income was genereted in 2018 (total) per each of them.

SELECT 
     client, SUM(income) 
 FROM
     orders 
 WHERE
     YEAR(order_date) = '2018' 
     AND client IN (
          SELECT client 
          FROM orders 
          GROUP BY client 
          HAVING MIN(YEAR(order_date)) = '2017')
 GROUP BY
     client;

have 3 tables:
create table books(id int, title varchar(250), year int, author varchar(250));

create table reviewers(id int, name varchar(250));

create table ratings(reviewer_id int, book_id int, rating int, rating_date date);

Select titles of all books that have at least one rating of 4 or higher Titles must be ordered alphabetically.

SELECT title FROM books WHERE id IN (SELECT book_id FROM ratings WHERE rating >= 4) ORDER BY title;

Find the titles of all movies that have no ratings.
SELECT m.title
FROM movie m
WHERE m.mID not in (SELECT r.mID FROM rating r);


devops:
Install a web server in linux via command line:
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
sudo apt-get install apache2 mysql-server php


